https://www.amazon.com/PlayStation-Classic-Console/dp/B07HHVF2XG/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1PDXV9PY6BHS2&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.WD6NOkypIKbiHJ72zeuWjBtafG1zZAyz2NFBN8vFLE7wiwTFtBDcMmBWd336srPyrW0o4ezROQegEMyMWzyCzTlMXvbkWid9wLn7kR49PHVoiSB2qkWr54IyGR9paFuztmlFZP0cQ8Vjlv3YpXtT-NW4LDKNth-cXuEhFzh-3h38HyWc9NfwlzJ1DKBrhYK6FGdATbsZwidmWNUimuKC2v3YClpBGQuZ2JJBDWx722g.-S70cKe8f5i5aLyS70XFq1NLLmrvDqOBAftezKQVsWc&dib_tag=se&keywords=Playstation%2B1&qid=1729567395&s=videogames&sprefix=playstation%2B1%2Cvideogames%2C129&sr=1-4&th=1

Package arrived on my neighbor's doorstep. It was delivered at 7 in the morning so I guess the delivery person was still half asleep. No damage to package though and it was delivered in the time frame promised... At least they took a picture of the door they left it at. Jeezus.

As for the product itself, i didn't waste any time playing the PAL version of the games that came loaded in the console's system. No way i wanted to put myself through that pain. Also the selection of games is severely lacking imo. The console is so smol and baby but feels pretty sturdy. Still, treat it with care like you would your other consoles. I was disappointed with the controllers (x2) that came w it because no analog sticks lmao but they feel of good quality and are definitely usable. This is not the version where you can open the disc tray to put in game discs. Don't do it. Also, you need a usb power block/adapter. I used the one for my cell phone lmao and the system turned on just fine. This device only has 2 usb ports which is where the controllers plug into. It comes with an hdmi cable.

You can easily watch reviews on youtube about this product as a stand alone and make your judgment. I had no intentions of using it as it was right out of the box after i saw in depth YouTube reviews and what people were actually using it for lol. UwU

Upgrades: I used Eris on a usb stick, utilized an otg usb cable for more usb ports, and 8bitdo for wireless capability for my ps4 controller to use with this console. These modifications took this device to the moon and back for me. I absolutely love what I was able to turn this little guy into and all thanks to people out there who make these adjustments possible. I followed tutorials on how. Because of how smol this thing is, i can easily take it with me to different parts of the house. I was able to play some games on it with my brother this past weekend that we used to play as kids on the original ps1. I am very happy and feel like this console is a great little pet project. I had no prior exp w this stuff but am so glad i was able to take this baby to the next level and give it the justice that Sony freaking couldn't.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It's everything I expected, it's in great condition and runs well, plus it came early.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I see mixed reviews about this system, but I love it! $60 might be a little steep, but The PlayStation mini was definitely worth the money for me! the console is on the small side but it doesn’t bother me. The controllers are awesome and everything about this system is very nostalgic , yes it only comes with 20 games however if you look on amazon there are game sticks that you can get for this system which will add 100 plus games each !
My personal favorites are the “true blue minis”

I’ve played all 20 games that’s actually on the system and I ran them all fine with no problems, resident evil ran very smoothly for me and I used to play it on the original system so I would notice a difference. It played the exact same as the Original. Some people are saying the games are slower or glitchy but I’ve played my system for 2 years with over 300+ games and have not had a single problem yet. Played multiple games with my friends and have had a lot of fun! Would definitely recommend this system for anyone who loves ps1 or old school games. Again I highly recommend getting gamesticks for this system so you can play hundreds of games! You can even buy a usb and get your own games if you know how to do so but I just stick to the preloaded usbs. “True blue minis” are dope. Hope this review helped and have fun!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A lot of the other reviews point out the flaws that only hardcore gamers and tech-savvy individuals will notice or even care about such as the fact that 9 out of the 20 games are the PAL (European) version of the games (which run at a slower frame rate), the lack of extra features such as a variety of menu backgrounds and screen resolution options (which the NES and SNES Classic both offer), or the lack of dual shock controllers. This review will contain only brief references of the above topics. Instead, I'll be looking at how the system performs from a casual gamer's perspective.

To start off, the packaging is great (not to mention as authentic as possible), the startup of the system (as well as the startup of the games) is/are about as spot-on as possible, and the menu screen looks like the classic PS1 memory card screen which could be seen when the PS1 was booted up without a game in it making it as authentic as possible. The controllers continue with the authentic look and feel because they are the original PS1 controllers. As opposed to popular opinion, the controllers work perfectly fine with the games on the system (in fact a dual shock controller would probably only be helpful with one or two of the games). The cords are a little short, but if you're setting this up in your bedroom, you shouldn't have a problem. There is only one save state for each game (however most of the games do have their own built-in save feature so this isn't too much of a problem) which could be a problem for some. Most importantly, the games play well (for the most part).

Now to address the elephant in the room: the game selection. There are a few great titles on here, a couple good ones, a couple that are halfway decent, and several that just aren't even desirable to play. I understand that some of these are critically acclaimed titles, but critics in my opinion are idiots who judge each and every thing by their own impossible standards. Critics pretty much ruin everything in all media or entertainment formats (to the point to where happy or uplifting endings of anything are now considered cliche and boring and escaping from reality is out of the question). Anyway, as can be expected, a few of the acclaimed titles selected are pretty good and the system wouldn't be the same without them. In order to properly address the game selection I've decided to talk about each game individually and then discuss a few of the games that should have been on here. My grading criteria will be based on the quality and the likability of the games themselves.

1). Battle Arena Toshinden - I'm sure whether it's the slower frame rate or the stiff game-play mechanics, but this game really is too stiff and/or difficult to enjoy or even play. This is a pretty bad selection for the system. 1 of 10.
2). Cool Boarders 2 - Decent extreme sports selection. While extreme sports games aren't my thing, I do like this selection for the system. 6 of 10
3). Destruction Derby - This game is one of the few games that suffer from the lack of dual shock controls as it is difficult to control with the controller given. On the other hand, turning could be just as bad with a dual shock. Anyway, the game is pretty boring aside from that and is a bad selection for the system. 2 of 10
4). Final Fantasy VII - Arguably the best role-playing-games of all time and one of the best PS1 games of all time (if not one of the greatest video games of all time). Epic story, great gameplay, great characters, satisfactory length and, not to mention, the system runs the game extremely well. 10 of 10
5). Grand Theft Auto - Not one of my favorite games or genres of all time. I personally have many moral objections to the game itself as, instead of playing as a hero in a fantasy world, you are playing as a criminal that steals cars, kills innocent civilians, and does many other immoral actions in a world full of crime. Despite my moral objections to the game, whether I like it or not, it does belong on this system as it was the first in one of the biggest video game franchises of all time and it plays decently on the system. 6 of 10
6). Intelligent Qube - Decent puzzle game that takes intelligence and a decent reaction time to play, however its presence on the system is quite questionable. 4 of 10
7). Jumping Flash - Excellent game and excellent choice for the console as it was not only one of the games that was used to prove the PS1's capabilities graphically, but it is also a classic in every respect. It's a combination between a kiddy version of a first-person-shooter and an excellent open-world platformer. 10 of 10
8). Metal Gear Solid - One of greatest games on the PS1, though mainly being put up there by critical acclaim, is a stealth-based third-person-shooter which introduced several new ideas to gaming. Great game and great selection. 10 of 10
9). Mr. Driller - Another puzzle game, Mr. Driller is a bit more bright and colorful than Intelligent Qube, and though it is slightly more enjoyable, it's existence on the system may be even more questionable than the latter. 4 of 10
10). Oddworld: Abe's Odyssey - A decent side scrolling platformer with unique gameplay mechanics, a compelling story, and ton of dark humor, this game is a PS1 classic. 7 of 10
11). Rayman - While Rayman 2 was better, the original is still a decent side scrolling platformer though its existence on the console is questionable. 5 of 10
12). Resident Evil: Director's Cut - A masterpiece survival horror game. The director's cut is probably the best version of the original game as there is a training mode for beginners to start with and an advanced mode for experts. This is also a less intense title than Silent Hill making it the perfect survival horror game for a casual gamer. The save state really helps out in certain parts of this one. Great choice. 10 of 10
13). Revelations: Persona - Unique RPG with interesting gameplay concepts and extremely hard to find these days, the first installment in the Persona series is a decent game, but a questionable selection for the system as it is only appealing to certain audiences. Also, there are elements of the mythology and philosophy in the game that are very questionable from a moral perspective. 3 of 10
14).R4 Ridge Racer Type 4 - A decent racing title and a good selection for the system. But, it is just a racing game.
6 of 10
15). Super Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo - Probably the best puzzle game on this system. It's essentially Tetris meets Street Fighter. 6 of 10
16). Syphon Filter - A very good third-person-shooter with great characters and dialogue. The gameplay is great in this game and it performs extremely well on the system. 9 of 10
17). Tekken 3 - Probably the best fighting game I've ever played. Great character selection and good gameplay mechanics. This is a must for this system. 9 of 10
18). Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: A first-person shooter with a large emphasis on stealth and strategy. A good game, however, I feel that a two-player FPS game should have been selected as opposed to this one. 6 of 10
19). Twisted Metal - One of the very first vehicular combat games, Twisted Metal is well... twisted. The most popular character is a psycho killer clown and the ultimate goal of the game is to make a deal with the devil. On the other hand, this did inspire some other great games on the system with much more moral story-lines such as Vigilante 8. It's a decent game if you can get over the immorality of the story, however this may be a game that could benefit from a dual shock controller. 4 of 10
20). Wild Arms - Decent role-playing-game with a unique story-line and setting. Definitely worth checking out, and its presence on the system is welcome. 7 of 10

As one can see from the list above, the game selection is pretty lackluster. There are a few Playstation essentials that are missing. The presence of these games would complete the system and make for a 5 star product. Those games are:

1). Crash Bandicoot - The exclusion of a game from this series is very disturbing as Crash is one of the Playstation's biggest mascots.
2). Spyro the Dragon - Same as Crash. Also, this game is what really sealed the PS1's victory over the Nintendo 64.
3). Tomb Raider - A Playstation Classic.

A few other welcome inclusions would be:
1). Nightmare Creatures
2). Vigilante 8
3). Doom
4). Croc

All in all, the system is decent, however the game selection is lacking. It's just such a great system that a poor game selection really makes a big missed opportunity on Sony's part.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Produto de ótima qualidade, uma réplica perfeita e totalmente nostálgica.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
